object: fix s5cmd for s3 endpoint verification (#12624)
rook/rook: Documentation/Storage-Configuration/Object-Storage-RGW/object-storage.md

### Configure s5cmd

> To test the `CephObjectStore`, set the object store credentials in the s5cmd-toolbox pod for the `s5cmd` tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the `CephObjectStore`, set the object store credentials in the toolbox pod that contains the `s5cmd` tool.

!!! important
    The default toolbox.yaml does not contain the s5cmd. The toolbox must be started with the rook operator image (toolbox-rook-image), which does contain s5cmd.
```

```console

> kubectl create -f deploy/examples/toolbox-rook-image.yaml

Reviewer: Yes to change the filename. But `toolbox-rook-image.yaml` and `toolbox-operator-image.yaml` are very similar, maybe we can discuss in huddle.
